hey guys Rick with Rolly scored to wreck
here bringing you another episode of
what's in the box today we've got the
Provo front fender emblems don't have
the box just because it was a little bit
large but I pulled out everything I
wanted to show you guys out of this kit
and I'm genuinely excited to show this
to you these are awesome so let me go
ahead and unwrap these and these come
incredibly well wrapped in the box so
they're very protected when they'll get
to you which is really nice and this is
it I absolutely love these as soon as I
first saw them on pro VA's website I
knew we had to have them and I actually
installed a set of the white ones of
course on our white BRZ the albino rhino
and so I just want to bring you guys a
plea when I figured blue would stand out
better kind of show the lines a little
bit better of the kit and the actual
emblem so this is a direct factory
replacement you're literally just
pulling the old one off putting this one
in and the install is actually pretty
easy
I was a little bit worried going into it
that'd be a little bit more difficult
but it actually it's very very simply
earlier they just taking the old one off
putting the new one on and it comes with
everything you need to install it and
that's what really impressed me about
this kit as well and as well one other
thing to be honest with ya these the
emblems on OPI you I can get close
enough for you guys to see that you get
it down into light or flexible there we
go this beautiful Provo emblems I don't
want to open this up because it is a
very tight package but you can see that
Provo emblem there and they're just
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous from those
sit right in here give you that nice
Provo level in your new emblems or the
offenders whatever you call these fender
emblems I don't know exactly what
they're called but either way that's
them and then they give you everything
you're gonna need to install it right
here and it comes with some real nice 3m
prepping cloths I guess they're just a
very high alcohol content and you
basically clean up everything because
you do use some double-sided sticky tape
along with some nuts and then me nuts on
the back go right there first you can
see those two little studs then that's
just thread onto there and the
completely install the nice
when you pull off the stock one these
little studs go exactly in the stock so
it's really nice you're not having a
drill you're not having to do anything
you're literally pulling the old one off
clapping this new one on and it's good
to go and of course it does come with
instructions and being that that's
perova of course they're Japanese but
the instructions are great in that they
show you picture by picture exactly how
to do it and so I use this when I was
doing the install it definitely helped
out now you could probably figure it out
without the instructions but with
anything I always recommend going
through the instructions just making
sure you understand exactly what you're
getting yourself into
especially for a really nice piece like
this you just want to make sure that
because it is an aesthetic item that you
take your time you know installing it
make sure you get everything nice and
square level everything matches up but
these are just absolutely gorgeous now
it's not a huge change from the factory
event I wish I had a stock one here to
show you I mean it's not a huge change
it's a very subtle modification but
that's what I like so much about it is
because it does you know really change
the way the car looks but to the
untrained eye they wouldn't really
notice a difference it's just those
people that know what they're looking
for well know exactly what they're
looking at and so that's one of the
things I really like about these plus
they were just gorgeous I love this
aluminum backing on here it's just a
really nice piece they come all you know
factory painted to match the factory
thanks you're not having to paint it
it's literally just a direct bolt-on
it's an incredible product check it out
it's all time we've got for you tonight
guys thanks for checking out what's in
the box we'll see you next time
hey guys
Rick with rollies for direct here you
know I've been thinking and I really
think you guys should come check us out
on Facebook pretty sure of that see you
there